https://w3id.org/def/och#Changelog type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveDataProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddDisjointProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#InversePropertyChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveDisjointProperty type Class
http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#Property type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddIndividual type Class
http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#Datatype type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#IndividualChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveObjectProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddObjectProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#DomainChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddCharacteristic type Class
http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#DatatypeProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveRelationFromIndividual type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveRange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveDomain type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveCharacteristic type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#SubClassChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#DeprecateEntity type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddRange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveRangeDataProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#EquivalentClassChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddRelationToIndividual type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddSubClass type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveIndividual type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#PropertyRelationChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#IndividualRelationChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#ChangeSet type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveEquivalentClass type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#ClassChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RenameEntity type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveSubPropertyOf type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RevokeDeprecate type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RangeChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveInverseProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#ClassRelationChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#DisjointPropertyChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddEquivalentClass type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddDataProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#ObjectPropertyCharacteristic type Class
http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/Agent type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveEquivalentProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveRangeObjectProperty type Class
http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#ObjectProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddProperty type Class
http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Class type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#OntologicalChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#ObjectPropertyChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#SubPropertyChange type Class
http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#Resource type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#PropertyChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#PropertyCharacteristicChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveClass type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#RemoveSubClass type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#EquivalentPropertyChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddClass type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#PropertyCharacteristic type Class
http://www.w3.org/ns/dcat#Dataset type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddRangeObjectProperty type Class
http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Ontology type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#DataPropertyChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddSubPropertyOf type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddRangeDataProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddInverseProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddEquivalentProperty type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#EntityChange type Class
https://w3id.org/def/och#AddDomain type Class
